We shared such a special love, it seem to have no end, but now it hurts me
just to remember,your eyes use to tell me so much..that words could never
find, and now you say, you don't know where your future lies but you got to
find it now or get left behind, don't turn me away I can't forget it all in
just one day take some time to speak your mind but say it's not over, don't
turn me away don't close the door on us this way I'm so sure that there's much
more you just have to tell me, remember those fights at nights it's not that
long ago, you said you wanted to stay there forever, I gave you the strength
of my hand when things were running low, I didn't know you would go back on
what you said, there must be some reasons there that you don't want to
share..don't turn me away, I can't forget it all in just one day take some
time to speak your mind but say it's not over...don't turn me away don't close
the door on us this way I'm so sure that there's much more you just have to
tell me...and just when you needed me, said I'd be there until the end, what
is it that's changed in you when all I want is to be your friend..I need a
friend...Don't turn me away...Don't turn me...Don't turn me away....Don't turn
me away...Don't turn me....Don't turn me away...Don't turn me away...Don't
turn me...Don't turn me away...Don't turn me...Don't turn me away...Don't turn
me away, take some time to speak your mind, but say it's not over..Don't turn
me awayy...takes some time to speak your mind, but say it's not over..Don't
turn me away,takes some time to speak your mind but say it's not overrrr!!

