GO TO HELL  
WRITER DOLLY PARTON  
Go to Hell, go to Hell, go back where you belong Get thee behind me Satan,
just leave me the Hell alone Take your wars and your politics, your lust and
your greed And go to Hell in a handbasket 'cause heaven waits for me Go to
Hell, go to Hell, go back where you belong Get thee behind me Satan, just
leave me alone You're a cheat, you're a liar, you're a scoundrel and a thief
Go to Hell in a handbasket 'cause heaven waits for me Go to Hell, go to Hell,
go to Hell, go to Hell Go to Hell in a handbasket 'cause heaven waits for me
Oh I tried hard to conquer my fears and my doubts But everywhere I turn I see
your evil doin's all about I have suffered your sorrow, your heartache and
grief You keep dealing me a bad hand with a trick card up your sleeve Go to
Hell, go to Hell, go back where you belong Get thee behind me Satan, just
leave me alone Take all of your bad guys, your demons and flee Go to Hell in a
handbasket, heaven's calling me Go to Hell, go to Hell, go to Hell, go to Hell
Go to Hell in a handbasket 'cause heaven waits for me Oh, I know I'm no angel,
but I'm better than that And God is still my hero, and he can knock you flat
There is nothing but sorrow in that wicked place that you dwell Take your pain
and your misery and go straight to Hell Go to Hell, go to Hell, go back where
you belong Get thee behind me Satan, just leave me alone Take your drugs and
your alcohol, your vices and leave Go to Hell in a handbasket, just get away
from me Go to Hell (go to Hell), go to Hell (go to Hell) Go to Hell in a
handbasket 'cause heaven waits for me My brothers and my sisters (ah) I'm here
to tell you that Satan is real (ah) He is real and walking around amongst us
trying to destroy everything that's good and beautiful (ah) He wants to break
our hearts and minds (ah) Destroy our dreams and plans (ah) He wants to tear
us up in little pieces, break us down and send us straight to Hell (Oh, my
God) Ah-ha, you said a mouthful brother Oh, my God. Oh, my God can do anything
(ah) My God can heal the sick (ah) Mend broken hearts and take our souls to
heaven (ah) So Satan, listen up (ah) In God's name I rebuke you (ah) I stand
up in his name, look you in the eye and laugh in your ugly face (ha, ha, ha)
Go to Hell, go to Hell, go back where you belong Get thee behind me Satan,
just leave me alone Take your weapons of mass destruction, terror and sleaze
Go to Hell with your corruption, just get away from me Go to Hell, go to Hell,
go to Hell, go to Hell Go to Hell in a handbasket 'cause heaven waits for me
Go to Hell, go to Hell, go to Hell, go to Hell Go to Hell in a handbasket
'cause heaven waits for me Go to Hell in a handbasket, heaven's calling me
Heaven, heaven waits for me, so go to Hell Oh, my brothers and my sisters (ah)
God can deliver us from Satan's evil grip Satan, listen to me, my Father in
Heaven can kick your astronomical ego right back to the pits of Hell (ah) Can
I get an amen on that one? Oh, hallelujah. Oh, Satan, you ol' devil you God
can flatten you like a Sunday morning pancake (ah) Can I get a hallelujah on
that one? Oh, ain't it so, ain't it so? Don't you love it, don't you love it?
Satan, you can go to Hell  
  

