THE KID'S LAST FIGHT  
WRITER BOB MERRILL  
It was Tiger Wilson versus Kid McCoy In the summer of 'ninety-three Now the
Kid was everybody's pride and joy Just as game as a kid could be And his
darlin' Bess was in the second row She was prayin' with all her might Sayin,
"Kid, we need that little bungalow Oh, you've just gotta win tonight" Come on,
Kid, come on, Kid Let's hit him with a left and a right Go on, Kid, go on, Kid
But how were they to know it was the Kid's last fight (But how were they to
know it was the Kid's last fight) Now the Kid had fever to the very bone But
nobody would ever guess He was in there fightin' on his heart alone Cause he
just had to win for Bess Oh, the Kid was battered, the Kid was floored But the
count never got to ten Though his brain was reelin' when the people roared He
was up on his feet again Come on, Kid, come on, Kid Let's hit him with a left
and a right Go on, Kid, go on, Kid But how were they to know it was the Kid's
last fight (But how were they to know it was the Kid's last fight) Said the
Tiger, scowlin', don't you know you're through I can whip you just like a
child I'm gonna take the fight and take your woman too When he heard that the
Kid went wild Said the Kid, "For that I'll tear you limb from limb" And he
sprang like an angry colt He said a punch a-flyin at the Tiger's chin Knocked
him out like a thunderbolt Come on, Kid, come on, Kid Let's hit him with a
left and a right Go on, Kid, go on, Kid But how were they to know it was the
Kid's last fight (But how were they to know it was the Kid's last fight) To
the crowd that saw it there was little doubt That the Kid was a champ that
night But the champ would never have another bout 'Twas the fever that won the
fight Gather round, I'm bettin' even money folks There's a bell soundin' way
up high And the champ is climbin' through the golden ropes Of the Big Ring up
in the sky Come on, Kid, come on, Kid Let's hit him with a left and a right Go
on, Kid, go on, Kid But how were they to know it was the Kid's last fight  
  

