[Chorus:]  
Is ya iced out check is ya thugged out check got them shooters on deck got
them goons on deck so icey entertainement big jewels on deck baby look at our
neck we rock vvs.  
  
Is ya iced out check is ya thugged out check got them shooters on deck got
them goons on deck big jewels on deck baby we on deck so icey vvs we rock vvs.  
  
Good cush burner nigga in the kitchen good cookin and I know I might be ugly
but my car is good lookin, a star so I shine like the sun in mississippi, a
show in mississippi so I love to sit with fifty, bands, ya gamblin ass I'm
from birmingham shot ya boy down fifty grand and I shook lil buddy hand, until
the feds get me nigga spend ya bread with me, you prety boy niggas know the
kid get filthy, fizzy haters know the kid stay distant get ya ass whooped bus
came you just missed it, so icey boys four niggas eight bitches two girls for
every nigga that's how we kick it.  
  
[Chorus:]  
  
Supercalifragilisticespianadocious, that's some supaer fruity cali cush he
super smokin doce, doce and the gabana frames I'm gucci half the time think
that it's my clothing line, do it like la kitchen show me yours I'll show you
mine, I'm high up out my mind don't think I'm lyin cause I ain't lyin, if
smokin is a crime then that's a cryin shame, mary jane mary jane I love the
mary jane it's underrated underappreciated highly decorated damn I been hella
patient but I'm losing all my patience many wanna duplicate, generate,
penatrate innovative bachelor, gucci mane the bachelor.  
  
[Chorus:]  
  
It's a pity how these inner city bitches fuck these niggas just for riches
flashing like they rich but shop at jc pennys, a gimme you say gimme gimme
gimme gimme gimme I'm a go and get it type of nigga I ain't with the beggin,
so icey boys baby got it on my necklace on my neck and on my wrist on my face
because I flax it I'm a chef I can make a hit I can make a brick used to steal
rob and take a brick I ain't fake a bit, if a bitch talk bout gucci mane that
she on gucci dick I'm a soldier and a ceo so icy we da shit, if a bitch talk
bout so icey she on our dick I'm a soldier and a ceo so icey we the shit.  
  
[Chorus:]

