All That Bullsh-- For the birds you aint nothin but a vulture always hopin for
the worst waiting for me to fu-- up you'll regret the day when I find another
girl, yeah, who knows just what I need she knows just what I mean when I tell
her keep it drama free, ohohohohohohohoh... (Chuck chuckin up them (deuces)  
  
Ohohohohohohohoh I told you that I'm leaving (deuces) ohohohohohohohoh I know
you mad but so what? I wish you best of luck and now I'm feelin to throw them
dueces up, I'm On some new sh-- I'm chuckin my dueces up to her I'm movin on
to something better, better, better no more trying to make it work you made me
wanna say bye bye, say bye bye, say bye bye to her (x2)  
  
Uh, use to be valentines together all the time thought it was true love but
you know woman lie it's like I sent my love with a text two times call cause I
care but I aint get no reply tryna see eye to eye but it's like we both blind
Fu-- it let's hit the club, I rarely sip but pour me some, Cause when it's all
said and done, I aint gone be the one that she can always run to, I hate
liars, Fu-- love I'm tired of tryin my heart big but it beat quiet I don't
never feel like we vibin Cause everytime we alone it's a awkward silence  
  
So leave your keys on the kitchen counter and gimme back that ruby ring with
the big diamond sh-- is over, whatchu trippin for? I don't wanna have to let
you go but baby I think it's better if I let you know, I'm on some new sh--
I'm chuckin my dueces up to her I'm moving on to something better, better,
better no more tryin to make it work you made me wanna say bye bye, say bye
bye, say bye bye to her (x2)  
  
Look, my shorty always on some bull---- like chicago so I flip that middle
finger and the index finger follow, Dueces, we aint got no future in tomorrow
I'm a dick, so it shouldn't be that hard to swallow, The other chick I'm with
never complain she make wanna leave the one I'm with Usher Raymond probably
didn't register, don't trip, later on it will shorty full of drama like
gangsta grizzles, I finally noticed it, it finally hit me like Tina did like
in the limo, it finally hit me, I got a new chick, and she aint you she Paula
Patton thick she give me Deja vu  
  
And all that attitude, I don't care about it but all that Sh-- I do for her,
you gon hear about it Breezy rep two up, Two down but I'm just puttin two up,
Chuckin up the duece now, I'm on some new sh-- I'm chuckin my dueces up to her
I'm movin on to something better, better, better no more tryin to make it work
you made me wanna say bye bye, say bye bye, say bye bye to her (x2)

