I'm as big as they come when I'm over the phone. I'm as clean as they come
when I'm fixing my zone, on my own. Clock my clone, lock my home, cool it. I
don't pretend to be gentle because I fool it. I tackle the Jekyll on his
mission to crack and I be squeezing his throat and I'm beating him back. We
gotta go for attack before he gets far, blow up the death star and kill the
copycat. Now to the next episode when we are back on the road and we are
racing time and we are cracking the code. It ain't the new player's mode that
makes it worth while. We walk the extra mile.  
  
  
  
2500 years reclaiming what they had, don't blame the copycat. 70 years
reminiscing what they said, don't blame the copycat 2500 years reclaiming what
they had, don't blame the copycat. 70 years reminiscing what they said,don't
blame the copycat  
  
I broke the fall and covered you all, so what's that. I make the call for
bouncing the ball, you got that. Mr. Jekyll or Hyde well I gotta decide which
one. I'll get you screaming like a bitch in case you want some. I'm seconds
behind, behind my own pair of mind you see I gotta catch up if I want to be
found in me. Holding my brain that looks like going insane I feel like Dorian
Grey and I'm out of the frame.  
  
  
  
Make a false move bitch I make you fall like Niagara Falls, big and hairy
balls, hear my calls, break the dolls. Mr. Hyde breaking out from my fucked up
mentality read the news tomorrow another lyrical fatality. Lurking in the
shadows I wait for my pray to come. Striking from the darkness I invite you
all to get some. Tall dark and handsome I hold your kids for ransom. Psycho
motherfucker I'll be famous like the Hansons. London after dark feel me
breathing down your neck, sending chills down your spine hear my microphone
check one time two time three times. Here it comes. Your life is nothing now
dust you off like bread crumbs.

