Lonely, my life used to be lonely Lonely as the single lonely number one
Lonely like a lonely sun With not even one iota to shine upon Crying, deep
inside I was crying With not even a clue of who, Like the muddy Mississippi,
my tears flowed Carrying with it my lonely soul where or what I would become
To hold me, control me, show me what I should Oh, how I longed to be possessed
by one somebody But oh, was I lifted when I let your light do with my broken
life inside my body Then I shed my sorrows for joy, love and you in my, my,
my, my li-li-life I'm dancing to the rhythm of your love Singing sweet
melodies of your sweet, sweet love Forever greateful for your love Money, oh
how did I have money Enough to last me from the start til the end of time With
some more to leave behind And yet I was a cent-less pauper in distress I can,
feel the very presence of your love here And yet you've given me eternal
happiness Though I've never seen the pleasure of your smile No, I've never
touched your hand Oh, how I longed to be possessed by one somebody To hold me,
control me, show me what I should But oh, was I lifted when I let your light
do with my broken life inside my body Then I shed my sorrows for joy, love and
you in my, my, my, my li-li-life I'm dancing to the rhythm of your love
Singing sweet melodies of your sweet, sweet love Forever greateful for your
sweet, sweet love [Repeat] Oh, how I longed to be possessed by one somebody To
hold me, control me, show me what I should do with my broken life But oh, was
I lifted when I let God's light Then I shed my sorrows for joy, love and you
Singing sweet melodies of your sweet, sweet love inside my body in my, my, my,
my li-li-life I'm dancing to the rhythm of your love Giving all praises of
your sweet, sweet love Forever greateful for your sweet, sweet love [Repeat]  
  

